## RSM Progress Report #002
#### Writen by Rarisma (22/05/2021)
So here we are again, back with another update. Lets see whats new!

First we added backups, this defaults to weekly but can be found in the new server configuration tab, this creates a complete backup of your server, if things go wrong you can quickly revert to it if needed. We added a UI which shows users the download progress, then we fixed forge installs by making RSM run a batch file instead of simply calling java.

After this we also decided to hammer away at a server updater, so you can update your servers if you always want to play the latest and greatest you can hop into the server configuration page and check for an update. In the future we may add a toggle to automatically update your server however this hasn't been implemented yet as we are waiting to see if people want this. Another caveat is that modded minecraft (forge) servers as of now cannot be updated.

In other news Terraria celebrated it's 10th birthday and updated to 1.4.2.3, TShock doesn't have a stable version so for now we've added a development version. Once a stable version is available you will be able to update it via the server configuration page. We have also decided to remove the QuickCommands for Terraria as we are unable to find a working way to add them, however this isn't too much of a loss since not many will want to summon eclipses and blood moons at a whim.  You will still be able to send commands to the server via the command bar and you are still able to close and save the server.

We also now automatically bundle java with RSM for stability and maintainabilty reasons; Also we now clear caches if they exist when RSM is launched

This week we also released RSM 1.0, and while not everything is perfect we are going to try and solve any issues that arise in coming weeks. Also from now on we are going to try and release a stable version of RSM with each progress report. 

Well thats it for this week, see you next week.
